# Onboarding

## Access to Technology

When you first arrive at your job, it is important to ask what technologies you will need. To accomplish this and have a good transition on your first day, ask your manager for any tools or technologies you might need. Giving you access to certain technologies can be a hassle, so you want to get it over with as soon as you can. 

These are some things you might need:

- Get laptop login working 
- Access Slack or some other team communication platform
- Access email and/or calendar
- Get Github access (More details about Github in Section 4: Technical Background)
- Get VPN setup if needed
- Confirm you can run the codebase, even if you don't understand it yet

Setting up your environment can be complicated. Take notes while setting everything up, especially of any error messages or issues you encounter. You want to have it in writing, in case you need to set up anything again in the future. You will forget something if you try to memorize anything. It is better to ask for help early than avoid it, so don't be afraid to reach out. If you have any setupt issue, tell your manager as soon as possible. They will help you out.



## HR and Company Culture

Recruiters and hiring managers have direct connections to HR (Human Resources). It is important to have pratical information organized:

- Confirm pay schedule and/or direct deposit
- Confirm work hours and time zone expectations, if it is a remote internship
- Ask about PTO/sick days
- Get clarity on remote/hybrid policies depending on your internship

Additionally, you should plan to keep anything important in writing. If anything happens, where evidence is needed, it can be useful to have anything significant saved in email or in another communication platform, like Slack. You want to have a paper trail.

For your career aspirations, it is useful to keep a running document of tasks and accomplishments during your internship. So, don't forget to take notes of all the things you learn throughout your internship.

Now, that you are interning at a new company, there are many people to meet. Introduce yourself to colleagues in person and/or online. Ask teammates what they are working on and get to know the people around you. 
Having even a small introduction and conversation can make it easier and less scary to ask for help and advice as you progress in your internship.

When looking into company culture, you can also pay attention to work attire. 